now we understand that the next speaker
is going to be Israel's ambassador to
the United Nations gillad eron let's
listen thank you thank you Mr Mr
President distinguished colleagues we
are gathered here in this Hall
today as a result of a resolution
called uniting for
peace sadly this emergency session has
nothing to do with
peace every member State here today who
is convinced that we are about to
discuss yet another round of conflict in
the Middle East another dispute between
Israel and the
Palestinians is
wrong the October 7th Massacre and what
ensued has nothing to do with the
Palestinians
nothing it has nothing to do with the
Arab Israeli conflict or the Palestinian
question this is not a war with the
Palestinians
Israel is at war with the genocidal
jihadist Hamas Terror
organization only it is the law abiding
democracy of Israel against modernday
Nazis these are the
facts Hamas do not care about the
Palestinian
people they do not care about peace or
dialogue Hamas is only one goal to
annihilate Israel and murder every
single Jew on the face of the Earth
their origional Charter makes this very
clear I'll read you a few
lines Israel will exist and will
continue to exist until Islam will
obliterate it another quote there is no
solution for the Palestinian problem
except by Jihad
another quote the day of judgment will
not come about until Muslims fight Jews
and kill
them friends on October 7th it became
clear to the entire world that hamas's
Charter was not a compilation of empty
words it was an action plan an action
plan imagine a bright sunny day
clear skies music in the air young
people are dancing a rave a Concert for
Peace yes for peace it is really it is
early morning on the holy Sabbath the
sun is just reason to Mark a new day it
is also a festive Jewish High holiday
Sim T Sim t means the joy of the Torah
where we celebrate the book of books our
Holy Bible
and then in one Split
Second this idelic Eden became hell on
Earth the peaceful morning air was
pierced with the whale of Rocket Sirens
thousands I'm telling you thousands of
Hamas mortars and Rockets rain down
indiscriminately on many Israeli cities
and
Villages but the Rockets were only
covered for the pogram the pogram that
followed Barbarian Kamas terrorists
invaded Israel from the sea the land and
the air they came with one purpose one
purpose only to savagely murder every
living thing they
encountered Hamas Nai murders went from
house to house with hit
lists a thoroughly planned willful
premeditated attack
they brutally murdered civilians in
their beds they drove pickup trucks with
machine guns yes we all remember just
like Isis and fired blindly at hundreds
of young people at a
concert
300 300 were burned alive or butchered
in that concert much of what remained
were clumps of Flesh and bloody
limbs parents had to bring their
children's toothbrushes for DNA so they
could figure out whose limb belonged to
who these Kamas
monsters raped women and children
parading naked girls that they raped and
buddied that they defiled through the
streets of Gaza while thousands and I'm
telling you thousands you can see the
footage Jered and
cheered the Savages tortured small
babies just like the Nazis Kamas
terrorists removed infants from their
cribs yes we have it on video swung them
repeatedly against the ground until
their skulls became a
pulp children were murdered in front of
their parents and parents in front of
their
children I've seen a video of a
terrorist filmed by him by himself who
tossed a grenade into a bomb shelter
with a father and his two young boys
inside the father was killed instantly
and the two boys ran out of the shelter
screaming that their father is dead and
that they want to be dead
too all this is occurring believe it or
not as the monster who murdered their
father calmly helps himself to the
contents of the family's fridge yes
no horror movie compares to the pure
brutality that Hamas carried out no
[Music]
none AIT man a 22y old from kibuts b and
a paramedic for Mend David adom Israel's
Red Cross she dedicated her life
literally and you will understand why to
saving
others when the Hamas monster invaded
the kibuts Amit ran to the clinic to
treat as many wounded as she could for
hours hours amid work nonstop trying to
save lives she knew these sadistic
terrorists were outside her Clinic
because she heard the gunfire but she
stayed there she was committed to saving
lives not running
away finally the terrorist burst into
her Clinic and put a bullet a bullet
through her
brain she was AAG David ad paramedic the
Israeli Red Cross in uniform but that
didn't stop these
Savages this is how the rescue teams
found a
meet
ambulances were set on fire not one many
dozens of mend David ad medical teams
were in intentionally targeted on their
way to tend to the wounded and many
other par paramedics were
murdered barilai Hospital in my hometown
City ashalon in Israel suffered direct
hits from Kamas Rockets Not For the
First Time Kamas has been deliberately
firing rockets at it for years for years
intentionally yet not a single
condemnation of this barbarity has been
mentioned here not here not by the
security Council not by the Secretary
General and not by this absurd
resolution it seems that hospitals and
Medical Teams only need to be protected
as long as they are not Israeli
the hypocrisy is beyond belief beyond
belief the brutal Isis like Monsters
abducted over 220 hostages from Israel
and dozens of other countries including
babies babies children persons with
disabilities the elderly and Holocaust
Survivors kir bibas kir bias is n months
old N9 months old and he is being held
right now in Gaza as a hostage 9 months
old what what barbaric terrorist can do
such a thing and together with him 30
other children 30 other
children we saw hamas's brutality in
Israel I cannot begin to Fathom what
Horrors the hostages are enduring right
now as we speak
here 20 days have gone by and Israel is
still counting her death dead it tookes
weeks to collect all of the
bodies some bodies are burnt like pieces
of coal it is almost impossible to
identify
them countless burned bodies have been
found with Ash in their throats meaning
they were still alive still alive when
lit on fire
intentionally by the Hamas terrorists a
clump of chars human remains that was
burned beyond recognition was found at
first the medical person Personnel
couldn't figure out what they were
looking at yet after a CT scan it became
clear that they were two spines not one
two spines bound together with
wire one belonging to an adult and the
other the small spine of a child so just
try to imagine that parents
that parent feeling as they and their
child were Burning Alive Burning Alive
the painful screaming of the love of
their life was the last thing they heard
the last
thing do you not think it's unbelievable
that this resolution here today and this
session are not solely focused on
hamas's
atrocities when reading this resolution
Kamas seems to be missing in action
the drafters of the resolution claim to
be concerned about peace yet the
depraved murders who initiated this war
are not even mentioned in the resolution
not even
mentioned they see each one of you as
puppet they write a resolution
completely devoid of any content related
to the situation they assume that you
have already for got and who it is that
is responsible for the inhumane violence
and they just expect you to support it
automatically this resolution is a
disgrace to your intelligence a
disgrace it is unfathomable that such a
resolution one that doesn't even mention
Hamas could possibly be voted upon here
let that sink in
please distinguished
representative
Representatives Kamas carried out
atrocities the likes of which we have
not seen since the
Holocaust yet unlike the Holocaust where
the evidence we have is mostly black and
white photographs and
soundless
footage here the proof is in high
definition because some of it is from
yes security footage but much of it is
from the cell phones and GoPro cameras
belonging to the Hamas Nazis
themselves many may be
asking why did they film their sadistic
violence well I'll tell you why very
simple they filmed it in order to
terrorize the Israeli public to release
these videos and put fear in the hearts
of the citizens of Israel by the way
this is what IST do they
terrorize I have seen much footage over
the past weeks that will be seared into
my mind forever but there is one sight
that I keep on seeing when I try to
sleep in the video one can see a
terrible injured civilian blooded yet
alive laying on the ground as a Hamas
Savage screaming Allah abbar repeatedly
pummels the man's neck with a garden hoe
in order to decapitate
him the man on the ground is an
agricultural worker from Thailand he's
not Israeli he's not Jewish he was
merely alive trying to make a living for
his family but he was decapitated with a
blunt gardening
tool
horrifying Israel is not at war with
human beings we are at war with monsters
here is the
[Music]
video
my mission distributed and will continue
to distribute QR codes with a direct
link to files where you can see this
horror and many other Kamas atrocities
what you see here are not pictures from
aitz but Israelis
raped butchered and burned
alive this is not
aitz this is
[Music]
Hamas there are no words in the English
language in any language to describe the
evil that we all just witnessed and the
reason it is not describable is because
it has no place among humankind over
1,400 have been slaughtered thousand
injured and over 220 hostages are being
held right now by Hamas Isis
terrorists to say that this is Israel's
911 would be an
understatement proportionately the death
toll of this atrocity is 15 times bigger
than
911 by the way our enemies are not 7,000
mil away they are 7,000 ft away in our
own
backyard so for this reason reason
Israel's mission is to eradicate this
evil from the earth eradicate Isis was
the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and
Hamas is the Islamic State of Gaza so
just as was done with Isis Hamas must be
no
more our goal is to completely eradicate
hamas's capabilities and we will use
every mean at our disposal to accomplish
this not for Revenge no not for
retaliation no but to ensure that such
depravity such atrocities never occurs
again Israel is at the Forefront of the
war on radical jihadist Terror and if
Israel doesn't succeed in obliterating
obliterating hamas's Terror capabilities
the whole world will pay the
price hamas's genocidal ideology just
like Isis alqaeda or the Ayatollah
regime inan of Iran is not just about
destroying Israel you all know it it is
ultimately about world domination world
it is about bringing the Jihad War to
the soil of each and every one of your
countries they will not stop until they
murder all of the infidels as they call
us colleagues for the past 16 years the
International Community and the UN have
have been complacent to hamas's Terror
buildup in Gaza
complacent the world has kept its head
in the sand as Hamas embedded its
missiles and Rockets deep within and
under the civilian population of
Gaza it it accepted an absurd reality
that a law-abiding democracy could live
side by side with cancerous genocidal
terrorist that fire tens of thousands of
missiles indiscriminately at our
civilians
unprovoked we have seen that nothing can
change hamas's genocidal
ideology not sadly not the
rehabilitation of Gaza not economic
incentives not any promise of a brighter
future the UN tried many of you
tried but everyone failed everyone
failed and you know why because nothing
can change a genocidal ideology nothing
there is only one solution to cutting
curing a cancer it is is the
evisceration of every cancerous
cell the International Community has P
poured billions of dollars into Gaza and
it all went to hamas's war
machine it went to its Subterranean city
of Terror it went to its missile
manufacturing
facilities and you remember 18 years ago
Israel unilaterally withdrew from all of
Gaza we withdrew from all of Gaza Kamas
could have invested the international
funding it received into building power
plans water desalination plants every
other civil
infrastructure but no instead Hamas
exploited every inch of the Gaza Strip
for their violent
goals because to Hamas gazen civilians
are nothing more than mere Cannon F
human Shields who in death become pwns
for hamas's lious propaganda
campaign Hamas is counting on you they
are certain that despite the terror and
Massacre the UN will still come to their
rescue and prevent Israel from defending
itself friends Israel is on a rescue
mission a res resue mission to save our
hostages to save our future and to save
the people of Gaza from their Savage
tyrants a rescue
mission and colleagues the rescue
mission can end quickly now it can end
now no need for complicated empty
resolutions it can end
now should Hamas put down their arms
return our hostages and turn themselves
in this war will end without one more
shot being fired not even
one why do you not unite and call on
Hamas to do
this if the drafters of this resolution
truly wants want peace if they truly
want an immediate solution then why do
they not demand this of
Hamas Instead This resolution does the
exact opposite of finding a solution the
exact opposite
rather than promoting peace it only
ensures more violence it should be ca
uniting for Terror not uniting for
peace Israel has been attacked and
continues to be attacked this is a fact
right now in the sou south from Kamas
and in the north from kisala meanwhile
the resolution calls for an immediate
ceasefire a ceasefire means giving Kamas
time to rearm itself so they can
Massacre us
again this is not speculation they will
do so you all know
this any call for a ceasefire is not an
attempt at peace it is an attempt to tie
Israel's hands preventing us from
eliminating a huge threat to our
citizens but the resolutions distortions
go even deeper than that Hamas the
terror group that started this
war I reiterate is not even mentioned
not even once in fact the only hidden
reference to these barbaric terrorists
can be found in calls on both parties
both
parties this is a false immoral
comparison between the law-abiding
democracy of Israel and and genocidal
jihadist and the drafters are counting
on the fact that each and every
distinguished representative here will
BL blindly go along with their Ploy this
resolution is an insult to your
intelligence and the only place this
resolution belongs is in the Dustbin of
History the Dustbin of
history but colleagues this resolution
is not the only thing here today that is
detached from
reality in a short time a representative
of the evil regime that trained funded
and armed Hamas for the October 7th
Massacre
will address you the Ayatollah regime of
Iran has the blood of thousands of
Israelis on its hands it has the blood
of hundreds of thousands of oppressed
Iranians of ukrainians of Americans of
emiratis and so many others on its
hands Iran is known as the world's
number one state sponsor of Terror and
for good
reasons it's a completely it's
completely natural that the foreign
minister of this brutal regime should be
the speaker following the resolution
drafter the country with a Nazi ideology
of annihilating Israel publicly says
stands in solidarity with its proxy
Hamas which shares the same Nazi
ideology and aims for our
destruction this is
completely understandable
indeed M days ago he spoke with the
leaders of Hamas and its twin terror
group Palestinian Islamic Jihad praising
them praising them for the slaughter and
today he is here to fill your ears with
poison indeed uniting for peace uniting
to butcher every Israeli to
pieces this man the mass murderer or any
other representative of the terror
regime in Iran has no place at the UN
let alone in the family of of Nations it
is a moral stain on the UN and the
values it was founded
upon distinguished colleagues this week
the UN celebrated its 78th birthday yet
looking at this resolution and the
honorary guests hosted here today in
this Halls this organization has shown
that it is so broken so morally corrupt
that I do not have high hopes that it
will make it to 90 let alone
100 I'm just a realist today
serves as the clearest proof that this
body is bleeding its relevance
legitimacy and
justification what we are witnessing
today is a desecration a desecration of
what the UN was meant to be following
the horrors of the Holocaust this
institution was established to prevent
atrocities from repeating themselves yet
in these very Halls we have perpetrators
of the most grotesque human rights
violations and crimes against humanity
who also exploit their power and
so-called members of the family of
Nations only to single out low abiding
democracies such as Israel if this
organization wants to maintain any shred
of legitimacy it is imperative that you
please distinguished Representatives no
long longer play along with this farce
of anti-israel double
standards vote against this biased
resolution stand on the right side of
History don't stand with the genocidal
jihadist committed to your
destruction rise above internal
political considerations and do what is
moral and
right Mr President Israel will not stop
fighting for the truth even if we Remain
the sole voice of reason in these
Halls Israel will continue combating the
genocidal terrorist committed to our
destruction we will not rest until Hamas
is obliterated and our hostages are
returned home and we will bring them
home I will
conclude with a moment of silence for
all the victims of hamas's atrocity if
the supporters of this resolution choose
to ignore the victims in their text I
will pay respect to their
memory thank you Mr
President you're watching ala we're
bringing you live coverage of an
emergency special session on the
protection of the Palestinian civilian
population at the general assembly of
the United Nations we've just heard from
the Israeli ambassador to the UN gilad
Adan giv a very powerful and emotive uh
speech of the Arab and some hallowing
stories of what happened when Hamas
Fighters attacked Southern Israel on
October the 7th he said this resolution
has nothing to do with peace this is a
resolution being brought by Jordan on
behalf of several other Arab Nations
we're about to hear from Jordan in just
a few seconds gilled eron also said that
October the 7th masaco was nothing to do
with Palestinians he said Israel is at
war with a genocidal terrorist
organization he said he said Hamas do
not care about the Palestinian people he
described on the October 7th that Hamas
Fighters came with a purpose to savagely
murder every living thing they came into
contact with